1. java program basics 
A. what is programming?
B. Why java?
C. How to compile java code?
D. How to run java code?
E. where the program data stored while working with java?
F. What is Identifier? and why do we need It?
F. What are the phases in the compiles and how the source code is converted into byte code(basic Idea of all phases)
G. What is the use of reserved keyword
H. How many reserved keywords are there in java and what are they?
I. why java is strongly typed language?
J. what are the data types present in java?
K. What is the difference between primitive and non-primitive DATA TYPES(Examples)
L. what is the main difference between linear and non-linear datatypes (Examples)
M. what is the purpose of main method in java
N. why main method is "public static void main(String[] args)"
O. Can I write main() as "private int main(int[] args)". explain why?
P. Why we use "System.out.println()" method to print data into the console.
Q. Is java Fully Object oriented programming language? explain why.
R. What is the difference between Interpreter and compiler.
S. Write a java program to print "Hello World".
T. Write a java program to Store your details in suitable variable types and print them to the console 
U. What is string concatenation
V. write a java program to print 2 table in the format of "2 * 1 = 2". Don't use loops just print 10 lines using println();
W. rules to define java Identifiers/Variables 
X. Naming conventions which defines, how the name of the variable should be. Example class name stats with capital letter.
Y. Skeleton of java or Java Coding standards 
Z. can I create multiple classes in a single java source file. say yes or no.


1. Java Programs.
A. Hello World program
B. write a java program to find whether the given number is EVEN or ODD
C. Write a java Program to print the odd number in the given range 
D. how can we define whether the number is prime or not? (general question not related to program)
E. What is an algorithm and write an algorithm for prime numbers 
F. write a java program to find whether the given number is prime or not
G. write a java program to print prime numbers in the given range
